# LANDING-PAGE-ADIDAS-XD-TO-HTML

## This is a demo Adidas landing page to convert casual browsers to customers. The goal is to get people to pre-order the new shoe. The style is edgy, modern and urban.

This is a demo Adidas landing page to convert casual browsers to customers. The design layout was created with Adobe XD, considering features that makes a landing page worth its name. The design does not encourage exploration; its aim is for that user to make that "call to action".

***

### Main Features of the Adidas Landing Page

* A headline to match what was clicked ("Walk Anywhere; Be Anywhere).
* A supporting body of text to provide extra details.
* Hero image.
* Unmissable call-to-action buttons.
* A subheading.
* A supporting body of text.
* Social proof.
* Reinforcing statement.
* Benefits.
* Related / Additional features.
* F-Pattern for eye-tracking. 
* Highlight of biggest reasons to convert.

***

#### Procedure

The assets (e.g. images) were generated by batch export from Adobe XD. The typography used for the design were considered namely; GeoSansLight as the primary font, Oswald as the secondary and Helvetica De Neue as the tertiary. The colour paletted used in the XD design was made to be consistent with the markup version. There was a slight review of some of the font size of some elements and a few adjustment on widths. Minor interactivity not captured in the design like :hover and :focus events were fully implemented in the markup version; the major one being "tab-switch" behaviour.


